dog food my favorite thing who a car
ride my favorite thing and then I walk
to the park my favorite thing got robbed
abetted my favorite thing clicked a
person's face my favorite thing and then
they gave me milk bags to play ball
my favorite thing Wow watch TV with the
people my favorite thing sleep it on the
bed until tomorrow dog
day 983 of my captivity my captors
continued to taunt me with bizarre
little dangling objects they dine
lavishly on fresh meat while the other
inmates and I are fed hash or some sort
of drying Nuggets although I make my
contempt of the rations perfectly clear
I nevertheless must eat something in
order to keep up my strength the only
thing that keeps me going is my dream of
escape in an attempt to discuss them I
once again vomited on the carpet today I
even decapitated a mouse and dropped its
headless body at their feet I had hoped
this would strike fear into their hearts
since it clearly demonstrates what I am
capable of however they merely made
condescending comments about what a good
little hunter I am bastards
I was almost successful in an attempt to
assassinate one of my tormentors by
attacking his feet as he was walking I
must try this again tomorrow but at the
top of the stairs I am convinced that
the other prisoners here flunkies and
snitches the dog received special
treatment he is regularly released and
seems more than willing to return he's
obviously retarded the bird has got to
be an informant I observe him
communicating with the guards regularly
I am certain that he reports my every
move
my captors have arranged protective
custody for him in an elevated cells so
he is safe for now
forever suffering cat